the Bible
for all
it's written and you read
chapter 40 verse
the word of our God
forever
when you are making a world decision read and enjoy
ricardo neis investigated 5 and 6 what he said
I'm afraid
with all my heart
gre-nal rely on your own intelligence
Remember God, not everything that is living.
- federer the right way
if you are going through a national crisis situation
Chapter 8
at 28, which says the only member state
because all things
work
together for the good of those who love God
those whom he called an agreement
with your work
if you need
gave guidance
first book of psalms in chapter 25 but puts four and five
said
later they must receive millions by the
make sure you do not know us well
teach me the bird lived agreement cut the truth
the project
You are my God, my savior.
I always trust you
if you are facing a temptation
read the first Corinthians
in the chapter of this century 13 here says
the temptations
What you want is frank.
they are the same as the others we face
news keep your promise
and do not leave the water
that you are taxed
josé ramos-horta
according to the woman publication
God will give strength
and you
after the error
to support it
and so you can get out of it
if you're feeling lonely
was the first stone chapter 55 on the set which says
I gave all your worries to God
then he cares for you
if you are tired it is discouraging
the beautiful book of mateus
Chapter 11
he stayed 28 and 29
we asked
came to me
all of you are tired reloading your heavy loads
then I will give rest to the followers and learn from me after
we knew from the south
I have a heart today
if you love you will find rest
are the words
of jesus christ